docs: Fix explanation of case sensitivity for `Settings` (#1110)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/settings.md

{!.tmp_examples/settings_case_sensitive.py!}
```

> When `case_sensitive` is `True`, the environment variable must be exactly the same as attribute, so in this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `case_sensitive` is `True`, the environment variable names must match field names (optionally with a prefix),
so in this example
```

> `redis_host` could only be modified via `export redis_host`. And if you want to name environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`redis_host` could only be modified via `export redis_host`. If you want to name environment variables
```

> all upper-case, you should name attribute all upper-case too. I can still name environment variable anything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all upper-case, you should name attribute all upper-case too. You can still name environment variables anything
```
